WIP: Updare ISO SR documentation (#202)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/storage.md

## ISO SR

You might wonder: how to upload an ISO? Unlike other solutions, you need to create a dedicated "space" for those, a specific ISO SR. To create a ISO SR, you have 2 possibilities:

> - Shared: A shared ISO SR is on a VM or in your dedicated storage server. It's accessible with a IP address, like 192.168.1.100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shared: A shared ISO SR is on a VM or in your dedicated storage server. It's accessible with an IP address, like 192.168.1.100
```

> - Local (not recommended): Local ISO SR is a directory created directly on the dom0. It's only accessible on the pool where the dom0 ith the directory on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Local (not recommended for production): Local ISO SR is a directory created directly on the dom0. It's only accessible on the pool where the dom0 ith the directory on it.
```

> Create a Shared ISO SR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a Shared ISO SR
```

> First, you need to create the NFS or SMB Share. The creation depends on the device you want to use to store your ISO, but here a small tutorial to mount a NFS share on Debian 11:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to create the NFS or SMB Share. There are plenty of option: from dedicated NAS hardware solutions and dedicated software solutions such as TrueNAS, to manual administration on any Linux/unix or Windows system.

Here's a small example of creation of a NFS share on a Debian 11 VM:
```

```
fdisk /dev/xvdb #create a new partition
mkfs.ext4 -b 4096 /dev/xvdb1 # format the partition to ext4
apt install nfs-kernel-server
mkdir /ISOs
mount /dev/xvdb1 /ISOs #mount the disks to /ISOs

> emacs /etc/fstab

Reviewer: emacs is not the first choice for a beginner's tutorial.  (It's not personal preference: I don't use nano myself :))

```suggestion
nano /etc/fstab
```

  /dev/xvdb	  /ISOs	  /ext4	  defaults	0	1

> emacs /etc/exports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nano /etc/exports
```

Reviewer: This one was missed.

  /ISOs 192.168.X.0/24(rw,sync,no_subtree_check,no_root_squash)
exportfs -arv

> ```

Reviewer: I'm not convinced that we should provide these step by step instructions. As I said on the forum, I would prefer pointers to well established guides on the internet.

By the way, the style of our docs makes the example stand out too much compared to the rest of the section that is more important in my eyes

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/451043/186887596-99b2a006-ff1e-4f7f-ab4e-e1231e59bf65.png)

@olivierlambert any opinion?

Reviewer 2: Indeed, doing an NFS share is likely outside the scope of XCP-ng doc. Linking to a popular guide would be better IMHO.

Then, in Xen Orchestra go into "New/Storage" and select "ISO SR":

![](https://xcp-ng.org/assets/img/screenshots/createSRISO.png)

> Create a Local ISO SR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a Local ISO SR
```

From the CLI:

    Create a directory on the local filesystem to storage your ISOs
    Copy/move ISOs to this new location
    Create the ISO SR using xe sr-create
    You can add or update ISOs later by placing them into the directory you created in step 1

>     Rescan the SR if you change the files stored in the ISO directory

Reviewer: You made it a code block. I don't think it's a formatting improvement
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/451043/186887765-deeef919-cf10-4472-8056-a8c3372d78ad.png)

Author: Yes, code block is a bad idea (i didn't know it will be displayed like that). Maybe dotted list ?

Reviewer: Yes a dotted list would fit. Or leave the numbered list as before.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/451043/187639491-91d5e4e3-1996-4336-9ee2-214cdefe83a4.png)

Author: Ok, changed to numbered list

> Here's an example creating a Shared ISO SR named "ISO Repository" that will be stored in /opt/var/iso_repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example creating a Local ISO SR named "ISO Repository" that will be stored in /opt/var/iso_repository:
```

```
mkdir -p /opt/var/iso_repository

xe sr-create name-label="ISO Repository" type=iso device-config:location=/opt/var/iso_repository device-config:legacy_mode=true content-type=iso
a6732eb5-9129-27a7-5e4a-8784ac45df27 # this is the output

xe sr-scan uuid=a6732eb5-9129-27a7-5e4a-8784ac45df27
```
If your host is in a pool of several hosts, you need to add the `host-uuid` parameter to the `xe sr-create` command above. You can retrieve the host UUID with `xe host-list`.

You can then upload your ISO in /opt/var/iso_repository/

On Xen Orchestra, go into "New/Storage" and select "ISO SR"

>     Select "Local" instead of NFS/SMB
>     Enter the path created before
>     Upload ISO on your host to the same path

Reviewer: This will look like a code block.

I think a bullet list fits better for this.

```suggestion
* Select "Local" instead of NFS/SMB
* Enter the path created before
* Upload ISO on your host to the same path
```

(To-do: add image like the previous one, but for local ISO SR)

:::warning

> The ISO SR will be only available on the host where you have created the directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local ISO SR will be only available on the host where it was created.
```

Author: I think local ISO SR is in reality available on the pool where the host is. I have a doubt. :thinking:

Reviewer: IIRC you checked for your last PR, and technically I don't see how another host would access it.

Author: I confirm :)

> That's it!

Reviewer: This should not be inside the warning block

Reviewer: This comment still holds.
